Add google firebase docs (#1332)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/google-firebase-connector/google-firebase-setup.md

# Setting up Google Firebase Environment 

> 1. Open up [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) and login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open up [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) and log in.
```

Author: Updated.

2. Add a Firebase project. The **Add project** dialog also gives you the option to add Firebase to an existing Google Cloud Platform project.
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/add-firebase-project.png" title="Add Firebase project" width="400" alt="Add Firebase project"/>
3. Navigate to the [Service Accounts](https://console.firebase.google.com/project/teststatusapp/settings/serviceaccounts/adminsdk) tab in your project's settings page.
4. Click the **Generate New Private Key** button at the bottom of the **Firebase Admin SDK** section of the **Service Accounts** tab.
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/get-firebase-credentials.png" title="Get Firebase credentials" width="600" alt="Get Firebase credentials"/>

>     After you click the button, a JSON file containing your service account's credentials will be downloaded. You'll need this to initialize the firebase connector init operation in the next step.

Reviewer: This ends in a slightly awkward way. We need to point them to the next step here.

Author: Updated.
